README.md, before:

# mini-projects-python
A collection of simple python mini projects to enhance your python skills


If you want to learn about python visit [Here](https://github.com/chavarera/PythonScript)
## Steps To Follow
- Select an issue
- Open [project here](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects)
- Create a fork of the project
- Create clone of forked project on your local machine
- Checkout to development branch
- Create a folder in projects directory according to issue name
- Write your code
- Commit the changes
- Push the code
- Create a pull request

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people
Sr no | Project Name | Author
--- | --- | ---
1 | [Hello World](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Hello) | [Ravi Chavare](https://github.com/chavarera)
2 | [JSON to CSV](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Convert_JSON_to_CSV)| [Murilo Pagliuso](https://github.com/DarkCeptor44)
3 | [Random Password Generator](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Random%20password%20generator) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
4 | [Instagram Profile Info](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/InstagramProfile) | [Ravi Chavare](https://github.com/chavarera)
5 | [Search string in Files](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/string%20search%20from%20multiple%20files) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
6 | [Fetch links from Webpage](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/All%20Links%20from%20given%20Webpage) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
7 | [Todo App With Flask](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Todo%20app) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
8 | [Add Watermark on Images](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/image%20watermark) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
9 | [WishList App Using Django](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/WishList) | [Ravi Chavare](https://github.com/chavarera)
10 | [Split Folders into Subfolders](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/split%20folder%20into%20subfolders) | [Ravi Chavare](https://github.com/chavarera)
11 | [Download bulk images](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/download%20images%20from%20website) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
12 | [Ranom word from file](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Random_word_from_list) | 
13 | [Battery notification](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/battery%20notification) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
14 | [Calculate age](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Calculate%20age) | [Gaodong](https://github.com/xlgd)
15 | [Text file analysis](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Textfile%20analysis) | [m044de](https://github.com/m044de/)
16 | [Generate image snipets](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/py-carbon-clips) | [ravi chavare](https://github.com/chavarera/)
17 | [Organize file system](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/organized%20download%20folder%20with%20different%20categories) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
18 | [Send emails](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/send%20email%20from%20CSV) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
19 | [Get Ipaddress and Hostname of Website](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Find%20Out%20Hostname%20and%20IP%20address) | [Nuh Mohammed](https://github.com/NuhMohammed)|
20 | [Progressbar using tqdm](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Terminal%20Progress%20Bar%20with%20Images%20Resizing) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
21 | [Get meta information of images](https://github.com/Xlgd/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Get%20meta%20information%20of%20images) | [Gaodong](https://github.com/xlgd)
22 | [Captures Frames from video](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Capture_Video_Frames) | [phileinSophos](https://github.com/phileinSophos/)
23 | [Fetch Wifi Saved Password Windows](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Get%20Wifi%20password) |  [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
24 | [Save Screenshot of given Website](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/snapshot%20of%20given%20website) | [m044de](https://github.com/m044de/)
25 | [Split files using no of lines](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Split_File) | [phileinSophos](https://github.com/phileinSophos/)
26 | [Encode and decode text using key](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/create%20script%20to%20encode%20and%20decode%20text) | [Gaodong](https://github.com/xlgd)
27 | [captures screenshot at regular interval of time](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/capture_screenshot) | [d33pc](https://github.com/d33pc/)
28 | [Create password hash](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/hashing%20passwords) | [m044de](https://github.com/m044de/)
29 | [Encrypt file and folders](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/create%20a%20script%20to%20encrypt%20files%20and%20folder) | [Gaodong](https://github.com/xlgd)
30 | [Decimal to binary and vice versa](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/decimal%20to%20binary%20convertor%20and%20vice%20versa) | [Alan Anaya](https://github.com/alananayaa/)
31 | [Cli Based Todo Application](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/CLI%20Todo) | [Audrey Yang](https://github.com/audrey-yang)
32 | [Currency Convertor cli app](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Currency%20Converter) | [github-of-wone](https://github.com/github-of-wone/)
33 | [Stopwatch Application](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/create%20a%20simple%20stopwatch) | [Gaodong](https://github.com/xlgd)

Commit message:

Add cli_proxy_tester project

README.md, after:

# mini-projects-python

A collection of simple python mini projects to enhance your python skills

If you want to learn about python visit [Here](https://github.com/chavarera/PythonScript)

## Steps To Follow

- Select an issue
- Open [project here](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects)
- Create a fork of the project
- Create clone of forked project on your local machine
- Checkout to development branch
- Create a folder in projects directory according to issue name
- Write your code
- Commit the changes
- Push the code
- Create a pull request

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people
Sr no | Project Name | Author
--- | --- | ---
1 | [Hello World](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Hello) | [Ravi Chavare](https://github.com/chavarera)
2 | [JSON to CSV](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Convert_JSON_to_CSV)| [Murilo Pagliuso](https://github.com/DarkCeptor44)
3 | [Random Password Generator](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Random%20password%20generator) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
4 | [Instagram Profile Info](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/InstagramProfile) | [Ravi Chavare](https://github.com/chavarera)
5 | [Search string in Files](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/string%20search%20from%20multiple%20files) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
6 | [Fetch links from Webpage](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/All%20Links%20from%20given%20Webpage) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
7 | [Todo App With Flask](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Todo%20app) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
8 | [Add Watermark on Images](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/image%20watermark) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
9 | [WishList App Using Django](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/WishList) | [Ravi Chavare](https://github.com/chavarera)
10 | [Split Folders into Subfolders](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/split%20folder%20into%20subfolders) | [Ravi Chavare](https://github.com/chavarera)
11 | [Download bulk images](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/download%20images%20from%20website) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
12 | [Random word from file](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Random_word_from_list) | 
13 | [Battery notification](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/battery%20notification) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
14 | [Calculate age](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Calculate%20age) | [Gaodong](https://github.com/xlgd)
15 | [Text file analysis](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Textfile%20analysis) | [m044de](https://github.com/m044de/)
16 | [Generate image snipets](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/py-carbon-clips) | [ravi chavare](https://github.com/chavarera/)
17 | [Organize file system](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/organized%20download%20folder%20with%20different%20categories) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
18 | [Send emails](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/send%20email%20from%20CSV) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
19 | [Get Ipaddress and Hostname of Website](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Find%20Out%20Hostname%20and%20IP%20address) | [Nuh Mohammed](https://github.com/NuhMohammed)|
20 | [Progressbar using tqdm](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Terminal%20Progress%20Bar%20with%20Images%20Resizing) | [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
21 | [Get meta information of images](https://github.com/Xlgd/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Get%20meta%20information%20of%20images) | [Gaodong](https://github.com/xlgd)
22 | [Captures Frames from video](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Capture_Video_Frames) | [phileinSophos](https://github.com/phileinSophos/)
23 | [Fetch Wifi Saved Password Windows](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Get%20Wifi%20password) |  [Mitesh](https://github.com/Mitesh2499)
24 | [Save Screenshot of given Website](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/snapshot%20of%20given%20website) | [m044de](https://github.com/m044de/)
25 | [Split files using no of lines](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Split_File) | [phileinSophos](https://github.com/phileinSophos/)
26 | [Encode and decode text using key](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/create%20script%20to%20encode%20and%20decode%20text) | [Gaodong](https://github.com/xlgd)
27 | [captures screenshot at regular interval of time](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/capture_screenshot) | [d33pc](https://github.com/d33pc/)
28 | [Create password hash](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/hashing%20passwords) | [m044de](https://github.com/m044de/)
29 | [Encrypt file and folders](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/create%20a%20script%20to%20encrypt%20files%20and%20folder) | [Gaodong](https://github.com/xlgd)
30 | [Decimal to binary and vice versa](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/decimal%20to%20binary%20convertor%20and%20vice%20versa) | [Alan Anaya](https://github.com/alananayaa/)
31 | [Cli Based Todo Application](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/CLI%20Todo) | [Audrey Yang](https://github.com/audrey-yang)
32 | [Currency Convertor cli app](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/Currency%20Converter) | [github-of-wone](https://github.com/github-of-wone/)
33 | [Stopwatch Application](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/create%20a%20simple%20stopwatch) | [Gaodong](https://github.com/xlgd)
34 | [CLI Proxy Tester](https://github.com/chavarera/python-mini-projects/tree/master/projects/cli_proxy_tester) | [Ingo Kleiber](https://github.com/IngoKl)
